c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\obj\Debug\ERPWebForms.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\ERPWebForms.Tests.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\ERPWebForms.Tests.pdb
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\ERPWebForms.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\ERPWebForms.pdb
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\obj\Debug\ERPWebForms.Tests.dll
c:\users\hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\obj\Debug\ERPWebForms.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Hossam-\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\AjaxControlToolkit.dll
C:\Users\Hossam-\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MadaresERP\ERPWebForms.Tests\bin\Debug\ERPWebForms.Tests.dll.config
